Add dev blog on Hacktoberfest 2023 (#1943)
home-assistant/developers.home-assistant: blog/2023-10-01-hacktoberfest-2023.md

---
author: Franck Nijhof
authorURL: https://twitter.com/frenck
authorImageURL: /img/profile/frenck.png
authorTwitter: frenck
title: Home Assistant is participating in Hacktoberfest 2023!
---

> 📢 Exciting News for Hacktoberfest 2023 participants! We participating! 🎉

Reviewer: ```suggestion
📢 Exciting Nnws for Hacktoberfest 2023 participants! We are participating! 🎉
```

> 📢 Exciting news for Hacktoberfest 2023 participants! We participating! 🎉

Reviewer: ```suggestion
📢 Exciting news for Hacktoberfest 2023 participants! We are participating! 🎉
```

It is not just our [10th anniversary](https://www.home-assistant.io/blog/2023/09/17/10-years-home-assistant/), but also the 10th year of Hacktoberfest! Congratulations! 🎂

> Hacktoberfest is a worldwide, month-long celebration of open source. An event open to everyone. Whether you’re a developer, student learning to code, documenter, designer, you can help drive the growth of open source projects, like Home Assistant. All backgrounds and skill levels are encouraged to complete the Hacktoberfest challenge. And of course, we are happy to help you get your pull requests in.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Hacktoberfest is a worldwide, month-long celebration of open source. An event open to everyone. Whether you’re a developer, student learning to code, documenter, or designer, you can help drive the growth of open source projects, like Home Assistant. All backgrounds and skill levels are encouraged to complete the Hacktoberfest challenge. And of course, we are happy to help you get your pull requests in.
```

Just like all other years, Home Assistant participates in Hacktoberfest. All of our repositories have joined, no matter if you want to make a change to the [frontend](https://github.com/home-assistant/frontend), [core](https://github.com/home-assistant/core), or even our [documentation](https://github.com/home-assistant/home-assistant.io). The issue trackers on these repositories give a good overview of what is possible to contribute to.

## But, I’m not a developer?!

> If you are not a developer, new to git, GitHub or open source in general, documentation can be a great way to get started. A relatively easy way to contribute, is by reviewing the documentation of integrations you use or are familiar with, checking if everything is still up to date and is free of spelling/grammar mistakes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you are not a developer, new to git, GitHub, or open source in general, documentation can be a great way to get started. A relatively easy way to contribute is by reviewing the documentation of integrations you use or are familiar with. Check if everything is still up to date and is free of spelling/grammar mistakes.
```

> Every single documentation page on our website has a “Edit this page on GitHub”, on the top right corner. Using that link, you can change the text on that page and provide a suggestion for improvement.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Every single documentation page on our website has an “Edit this page on GitHub”, in the bottom left corner. Using that link, you can change the text on that page and provide a suggestion for improvement.
```

> On our Community forum, there is a good, step-by-step, guide on how this works: [Editing the Documentation and Creating a Pull Request on GitHub](https://community.home-assistant.io/t/editing-the-documentation-and-creating-a-pull-request-on-github/9573).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
On our Community forum, there is a good step-by-step guide on how this works: [Editing the Documentation and Creating a Pull Request on GitHub](https://community.home-assistant.io/t/editing-the-documentation-and-creating-a-pull-request-on-github/9573).
```

> So, what are you waiting for? Sign-up on the [Hacktoberfest](https://hacktoberfest.com/) website and start hacking! If you have any questions, please, drop by on our [Discord chat server](https://www.home-assistant.io/join-chat). We have dedicated developer channels and are happy to assist you.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
So, what are you waiting for? Sign-up on the [Hacktoberfest](https://hacktoberfest.com/) website and start hacking! If you have any questions, please, drop by our [Discord chat server](https://www.home-assistant.io/join-chat). We have dedicated developer channels and are happy to assist you.
```
